Đây là một địa điểm cực thú vị cho những ai ưa mạo hiểm.
Nơi này nổi tiếng trên toàn quốc nhờ danh tiếng ngàn năm của nó.
Không người Việt Nam nào mà lại không biết địa điểm này.
Nằm tại trung tâm của thành phố, có vị trí rất đắc địa.
Được biết đến như là trung tâm tài chính của khu vực.
Xây nên với hy vọng sẽ trở thành trung tâm giao thương, văn hóa, giáo dục của khu vực 
Nằm tại cửa ngõ thành phố với vị trí đắc địa.
Từ lâu nơi đây đã được coi là niềm tự hào của người dân Hà Nội.
Nơi nhân tài từ khắp nơi tụ họp.
Có tiềm năng phát triển nhất nước ta với sự đầu tư rất lớn của thành phố.
Được kỳ vọng sẽ trở thành thung lung silicon thứ 2 của châu á.
Dù tọa lạc tại vùng ngoại ô thành phố, nơi này vẫn có nột sức hút rất riêng.
Nổi tiếng với nền ẩm thực đường phố vô cùng phong phú.
Nơi đã chứng kiến không biết bao nhiêu sự kiện kịch sử quan trọng của nước ta.
Là cái nôi của nền đào tạo nhân tài nước nhà.
Chưa đến đây, bạn chưa thể biết thế nào cuộc sống.
Nhân chứng lịch sử trường tồn với thời gian.
Di sản văn hóa mà ông cha ta đã để lại.
Muốn huy động vốn, không thể không đến đây.
Tuy có diện tích khiêm tốn chỉ 30m2 nhưng đây chính là cửa hàng bán chạy nhất tại khu vực.
However, Garen's Well lacks people skilled in crafting.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Garen's Well is most likely headed towards a gloomy future under the leadership of Colonel Eustice. But this remains to be seen.
Located in a lava stream, the metropolis of Goldcrest is home to humans lead by Commander Lockridge.
This metropolis wasn't built by a lava stream by accident, as it has a comfortable weather system, which is of great importance to the people of Goldcrest and its success.
The metropolis itself looks ghastly. With its gray rooftops, blackened walls and a lot of insects, Goldcrest has a repulsive atmosphere.
The main attraction is the cathedral, which was built 46 years ago and designed by dark elves.
Goldcrest has a progressing economy, which is mainly supported by baking, fletching and hunting. But their biggest strengths are advanced armorsmithing and gorgeous leatherworking.
However, Goldcrest lacks people skilled in blacksmithing.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Goldcrest is most likely headed towards a grim future under the leadership of Commander Lockridge. But this remains to be seen.
Set above a jungle, the town of Bolgewotar is home to goblins lead by General Tinkbelex.
This town wasn't built by a jungle by accident, as it has precious gems, which is of great importance to the people of Bolgewotar and its success.
The town itself looks hideous. With its blackened rooftops, lavastone walls and dirty roads, Bolgewotar has a supernatural atmosphere.
The main attraction is the power plant, which was built 42 years ago and designed by gnomes.
Bolgewotar has a healthy economy, which is mainly supported by fishing, crafting and alchemy. But their biggest strengths are alchemy and weaponsmithing.
However, Bolgewotar lacks people skilled in herbalism.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Bolgewotar is most likely headed towards a grisly future under the leadership of General Tinkbelex. But this remains to be seen.
Located next to a canyon, the crossroad of Haran is home to vampires lead by Warlord Afton.
This crossroad wasn't built by a canyon by accident, as it has fertile soils, which is of great importance to the people of Haran and its success.
The crossroad itself looks mediocre. With its dark wooden rooftops, chiseled stone walls and a large graveyard, Haran has a desolate atmosphere.
The main attraction is the old bar, which was built 49 years ago and designed by barbarians.
Haran has a flourishing economy, which is mainly supported by war, thieving and mining. But their biggest strengths are rare animal training and refined carpenting.
However, Haran lacks people skilled in animal training.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Haran is most likely headed towards a affluent future under the leadership of Warlord Afton. But this remains to be seen.
This planet has nine major landmasses, the largest of which is centered between the equator and south pole.  It has an average surface temperature of about 44° Fahrenheit.  Its average temperature has been falling over the last several hundred years, and it experiences very low levels of geological activity in several hotspots.  Easily-mined metals are limited to a few good spots.
This planet has four major landmasses, the largest of which is centered around the north pole area.  It has an average surface temperature of about 65° Fahrenheit.  Its average temperature has been rising over the last several hundred years, and it experiences moderate levels of geological activity in several hotspots.  Easily-mined metals are limited to a few good spots.
This planet has five major landmasses scattered apart over the globe.  It has an average surface temperature of about 58° Fahrenheit.  Its average temperature has been rising over the last several hundred years, and it experiences high levels of geological activity in a few hotspots.  Easily-mined metals are abundant over most of the the land.
This small house has a rustic look to it and is in average condition.  The interior is done in muted colors.  The yard is tiny and looks very formal.  Also, local children claim to have seen fairies in the garden.
This large house has a rustic look to it and is in good condition.  The interior is done in rich colors.  The yard is small and is neatly-trimmed.  Also, its last occupants left in a hurry.
This large house has a futuristic look and is in poor condition.  The interior is done in rich colors.  The yard is tiny and is neatly-trimmed.  Also, its last occupants left in a hurry.
This small house looks very old-fashioned and is in good condition.  The interior is done in rich colors.  The yard is small and looks very formal.  Also, it was built over the remains of a house that was destroyed in an earthquake.
